## 629: (part 3) The Ultimate Goal of Humanity

- Title: 629: (part 3) The Ultimate Goal of Humanity
- Author: mostafasalimdia1989
- Date: Feb 4, 2016
```
I have traversed the path of Golgotha of Jesus Christ and was filled with love, forgiveness, and charity.I have
followed the Holy Koran and raised the banner of the One and Only God and was filled with mercy, piety, and altruism.I
have entered the temple of Solomon in my heart and was embraced by Holy Wisdom.I have walked the roads of Confucius and
Zoroaster, and meditated the path of Everlasting Infinity of the Buddha, and soared on the wings of the Infinite Eagle
of Carlos Castaneda, and have learned a great secret that life unravels only upon humble beings who vanish pride and
selfishness from their hearts.I have sailed on the ship of the prophet of Gibran Khalil Gibran and was filled with
compassion and knowledge.I have ventured in my mind to the ancient times of the great Greek philosopher Plato where we
both sat in the house of the pantheon debating his teacher Socrates and other philosophers upon Utopia.I have entered
the world of Einstein and explored the depth of matter and energy and discovered the prostration of the electrons in
the atom, and that of the stars, planets, and the moons to the One and Only God through their constant and everlasting
movements that does not budge an iota from its estimated Divine Destiny.I have meditated deeply the Newtonian law of
gravity and discovered the Oneness of God the Almighty in the unification of the galaxies around their centers.I have
thought profoundly of the Darwinian origin and evolution of life forms on our beloved planet, and found out that
science and religion derive but from the One and Only Source of Divine Knowledge that emanates from the Absolute,
Everlasting, and Infinite Consciousness of the One and Only God the Almighty.I am a friend of death, a companion of
destiny, and a son of love and mercy. The One and Only God the Almighty have enlightened my heart at the age of 19,
after death and destiny had paid many visits upon me since I was one year old, whereupon I have felt the presence of
God like never before, then Infinity paved the way for me to go to the United States of America, where I lived in my
own heaven, and acquired all kinds of knowledge that was available to me during my stay there as a student, then I was
bereaved of everything upon returning to my home country Lebanon, after I was deported from my own heaven in the States
in the mid 1982, after spending three and a half years there, and thereafter I have encountered endless hardships,
sufferings, pains, and melancholies, and was lowered to the meanest states of living, so that the One and Only God the
Almighty might purify my heart from all human evils, in order for Him to reside Alone in my humble heart, because He is
the One and Only God, Who does not like sharing others with what belongs to Him and only Him.And answering, Jesus said:
“Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, and with all thy soul, and with all thy strength, and with all
thy mind.” (st. Luke 10-27)I have looked through human knowledge in search of the goal that the sons of Adam seek,
and I found it in two words: peace and happiness.And I have also looked through Divine knowledge in search of the
ultimate destination that God the Almighty want the sons and daughters of Adam and Eve to abide in, and I found it also
in two words: peace and happiness.Then, I looked through human and Divine Knowledge in search of the way for the sons
and daughters of Adam and Eve to accomplish peace and happiness and I found it in three words: love, forgiveness, and
charity.I have, at last, meditated on human and Divine knowledge to know what can unite the sons and daughters of Adam
and Eve on the three Divine words in order for them to reach peace and happiness, and I found it in one word: God.I
truly say: let the One and Only God the Almighty reside Alone in your hearts the sons and daughters of Adam and Eve, as
he is residing Alone in my humble heart, and the whole of humanity will then reach the ultimate goal of peace and
happiness, where love, forgiveness, and charity prevail on our beloved planet Earth.Then saith Jesus unto him, get thee
hence, Satan: for it is written, thou shalt worship the Lord thou God, and him only shalt thou serve. ( St. Matthew
4-10)It is the destiny of the Good People of the United States of America and other civilized nations to lead the human
race into the ultimate goal of peace and happiness through love, forgiveness, and charity, in order for humanity to
exploit the two Divine scientific realms of Nano technology and genetic engineering in atmospheres of peace and
harmony, whereupon the sons and daughters of Adam and Eve will make planet Earth into their own Heaven, and the
impossible shall become feasible, then unimaginable prolonged life and unlimited control over matter and energy will be
available to Human Beings after uncovering all the Divine secrets of the human gene and the atom, because that is what
the One and Only God the Almighty have ordained for Good and Humble Human Sentient Beings, if they shall follow the
path of love, forgiveness, and charity. Otherwise, the sons and daughters of Adam and Eve will exploit these two
domains in atmospheres of evil doings, as of the fact that a great number of human beings are now traversing the path
of hatred, envy, and greed, that will lead eventually towards the greatest destruction and annihilation of the biggest
majority of organic life, since its origination and evolution by God the Almighty on our Beloved Mother Earth.If you
shall love the one and only God the Almighty alone, with all your heart, and with all your soul, and with all your
strength, and with all your mind. and you shall worship none, and serve no other but him, who is also the Absolute,
Everlasting, Eternal, infinite, and Divine Supreme Being, then your love to the world will exceed the finite, and would
be extended to everything in existence, and be engulfing every creature in it as equal as you love yourself, because
everything and every creature in existence is but a part of the Divine Self of the Absolute and Infinite Being, and
since your love embraces every single and one part of the Infinite Whole of the Divine Self, you would become a Good
and Humble Human Sentient Being.The One and Only God the Almighty, or the Infinite Cosmic power, or the Universal
Divine Field of Energy, or the Infinite Circle of Divine Consciousness, or the Supreme One Being, or the Infinite Eagle
of Emanations, or whatever Name this Infinite and Divine One Entity have ever taken over Endless time and space in the
endless and infinite universes that have existed since endless past eternity and will exist throughout endless future
eternity, is nothing but the Indivisible, Indescribable, and Infinite One Divine Void, that have allowed -due to Its
Divine Void Essence- for the origination and evolution of creation (through death and destiny) since endless past
eternity, and will allow for creation throughout endless future eternity, from Itself and through Itself, and have
allowed, and will allow, for the movement of matter and energy from one point to another throughout that Endless and
Eternal One Divine Void, that constitutes 99.99999….. percent of the infinitesimal structure of matter and energy,
and after we run deep inside matter and energy and divide it into the last infinitesimal part we reach the Infinite and
indivisible One Divine Void.Otherwise, if that Infinite and Divine One Entity were of a different nature than the
Divine Void, it would have occupied completely everything in existence with an Indivisible, Indescribable, and Infinite
One Voidless Divine Essence, and would have left no room for the origination and evolution of creation since endless
past eternity, and would not allow for creation throughout endless future eternity, from Itself and through Itself, and
would have not allowed, and would not allow, for the movement of matter and energy from one point to another throughout
that Endless and Eternal One Divine Voidless Essence.death and destiny are: destined, programmed. systematic,
absolutely precise and calculated, and orderly big bangs, cosmic collisions and blasts, supernovae, solar blasts,
geological factors, volcanic eruptions, atomic and chemical reactions, natural catastrophes, and other horrific or
extremely strenuous big events and circumstancesDo the disbelievers not see that the heavens and the earth were one
mass, and We tore them apart? (Holy Koran - Alanbiya – verse 30)We constructed the universe with power, and we are
expanding it (Holy Koran – the Aldhariyat (the winnowing winds) – verse 47)It is up to us Good and Humble Human
Sentient Beings to attain our Ordained Divine Destiny through the path of love, forgiveness, and charity, so as to lead
our beloved brothers and sisters in humanity into salvation, that will be manifested in global peace and happiness,
away from suffering, pain, death and extinction
```

- [629](0629.md): (part 3) The Ultimate Goal of Humanity by mostafasalimdia1989, Feb 4, 2016
