## 630: (part 4) The Big Bang, Evolution, and The Real Adam

- Title: 630: (part 4) The Big Bang, Evolution, and The Real Adam
- Author: mostafasalimdia1989
- Date: Feb 4, 2016

```
Do the disbelievers not see that the heavens and the earth were one mass, and We tore them apart? (Holy Koran -
Alanbiya – verse 30)We constructed the universe with power, and we are expanding it (Holy Koran – the Aldhariyat
(the winnowing winds) – verse 47)It is very clear from the two verses in the Holy Koran that the heavens (stars,
planets, moons, and others) and earth were a very compact mass of unknown matter, and God sent death and destiny in the
form of a programmed and absolutely precise and orderly (destiny) big bang (death), or what is scientifically known as
the first cosmic blast, that shattered and tore apart that first raw cosmic material of compact unknown mass, to
construct the universe with power (absolutely precise and calculated known physical laws), and it began since then to
expand.Then programmed and absolutely precise and orderly (destiny)cosmic collisions and blasts (death), along with
precise and calculated physical laws, began to work on this first raw material to construct the universe.New kind of
infinitesimal particles came into existence, and with repeated programmed and absolutely precise and orderly(destiny)
cosmic collisions and blasts (death) and repeated atomic reactions (death) that took millions of years the first quarks
and other unknown materials were formed .With repeated programmed and absolutely precise and orderly
(destiny)collisions and blasts (death), and repeated atomic reactions(death), that took millions of years the first
quarks, and other unknown materials, began to form into dispersed electrons, protons, neutrons, and other unknown
particles.With repeated collision and blasts, and repeated atomic reactions, the electrons, protons, and neutrons came
together to form the first atoms. The Other unknown particles, along with the quarks, came together to form the
photons, dark matter, anti matter, and other unknown substances.With repeated programmed and absolutely precise and
orderly (destiny)collisions and blasts (death), and repeated programmed and absolutely precise and orderly (destiny)
chemical reaction (death)galaxies began to form along with the first stars, planets, and moons.Absolutely precise and
calculated (destiny) geological factors and volcanic eruptions(death) that took millions of years began to mold our
beloved mother earth.Repeated geological factors and volcanic eruptions and chemical reactions that took millions of
years began to form liquid water and other materials found in the atmosphere and the crust of earth.With repeated
geological and volcanic eruptions and chemical reactions the first life forms began to rise in liquid water, which
flooded earth completely in the first stages.With repeated geological factors, volcanic eruptions, earthquakes, and
other natural disasters came into existence the first form of creatures closest to the ancient human like beings who
were called Neanderthals, after billions of years of evolution of life on earth. Whether the first Neanderthals
originated from apes or other creatures, this will be determined decisively in the future, with the help of highly
developed techniques in genetic engineering and other scientific methods.With repeated precise and calculated (destiny)
horrific and extremely strenuous big events and circumstances (death), along with the above mentioned natural factors,
which took about two million years, humans evolved from the Neanderthals until they have reached the latest form which
we all share.The everlasting and ever-going state of evolution is changing - through death and destiny - all life forms
on infinitesimal structure every single interval of time, and on body structure every tens or hundreds or thousands or
millions or billions of years depending on the kind of the life form, whether it is organic: plants, animals, humans,
and microbes, or inorganic: planets, stars, moons, and atomsAdam was no more than a very special and extraordinary
sentient being in a series of Adams who brought the human species into higher levels of evolution which took about
three million years or so to develop till it ended with the modern species of human beings.The first Adam was the first
creature who developed the first mental and reasoning abilities on the planet, and the one who had brought the greatest
and most evolutionary change in our first ancient ancestor creature, whether it was an ape or some other creature. That
happened around three million years ago and so. That first Adam survived with his children and kin the worst ice age
that had ever happened in the last three million years or so.That first Adam was visited by death and destiny in a
fashion that was so horrifying and strenuous that he had brought the greatest change ever into the evolution of the
first thinking species. He discovered new ways of survival, due to his primitive but developed power of thinking, and
the strongest will of survival ever, and passed it on to his children and kin genetically and through teaching.That
first Adam is the one who was cast from the Garden of Eden, that was full of edible trees he had used to eat from any
where he pleased in the jungles of Africa, into a deserted dead land covered with ice and wandering hungry predators
who were some of the strongest on the planet. That first Adam, along with his children and kin, had to feed on meat to
survive. He and his kin scavenged, at first, the frozen meat of the dead animals that had died of hunger and cold, and
had to walk long distances in search of food, and wear hides to avoid the harsh cold, and intuit extraordinary methods
and techniques to protect themselves from hungry predatory beasts. All that brought great change into the evolution of
their body structure and mind. Later, with the end of the ice age, the kin of that first Adam and their children and
descendants began to develop, with the help of more and more great beings of knowledge who were visited by death and
destiny, primitive hunting techniques, that were considered extraordinary for creatures that depended in their previous
primitive lives on a diet constituted mostly of fruits and vegetables. Their new feeding habits had become more
diversified and constituted of a mixture of meat and edible fruits and vegetables.The descendants of that first
thinking creature evolved through the power of great beings of knowledge for over a million years. They had survived
the most horrifying circumstances, and the worst natural calamities, and the wildest predatory animals that had ever
been encountered by any thinking species.After a million years of evolution a second Adam appeared. He was the first
being of knowledge that developed to become the first Neanderthal. That new creature was the closest in resemblance to
the first ancient human like beings that evolved a million years later.Those first Neanderthals developed their simple
hunting skills, and broadened their diversified diet. With the passing of the years there appeared two kinds of
Neanderthals. One was big and strong, but with low thinking abilities, who depended more on meat. The second was a
smaller and a weaker Neanderthal, but a smarter one, who resorted more and more to edible fruits and vegetables,
especially with the lack of small prey and the difficulty to catch them.The strongest Neanderthals diversified their
diets into a more bloody and bizarre feeding habits. They started to hunt and eat the weak Neanderthals of their kind,
especially the children, because it was easier to catch them. Those weak Neanderthals became smarter and smarter,
because of the most horrifying and highly strenuous circumstances that was forced upon them due to their fear of the
stronger Neanderthals. They had to intuit new and extraordinary ways to protect themselves from predatory animals and
Neanderthals, and had to develop their feeding and hunting skills to survive. Their mental abilities were challenged to
the extreme, and that forced them to get smarter and smarter. And with time they started to develop into another kind
of thinking species.After a million years or so, the first weak Neanderthal evolved into the third Adam. He became the
first human like being of knowledge, who brought a grand whole new development in the long chain of evolution, that
ended in the origination of the first ancient human like species that resembled modern humans to a great extent. Those
first highly thinking beings were much weaker and more vulnerable than the Neanderthals, who became more ferocious in
hunting and eating the members of that new developed human like species.That was the greatest incentive behind their
grandiose and much complicated evolution ever, which required tens of thousands of more years to develop their mental
and physical abilities till they evolved into the first species of ancient human beings that resembled modern humans
one hundred percent.Those first ancient human beings continued to exist along with the Neanderthals for other tens of
thousands of more years, and their members continued to be hunted and eaten by the Neanderthals, especially their
children, because it was easier to hunt them. Those Neanderthals used also to capture the women of ancient humans and
keep them as their female mates because they desired their beauty. It took those ancient humans other tens of thousands
of more years to develop their mental and physical skills to eventually overpower the Neanderthals and cause their
extermination through the power of great men of knowledge. That is where the legends of ghouls and monsters, who
resembled humans, but were uglier and much stronger, and who ate their children and mated with their woman came from,
and which continued to haunt the human imagination with myths till recent times.The fourth Adam was the first human
being who crossed Africa into Asia with some of his children and kin about sixty or seventy thousand years ago, after
he became the best man of knowledge of all times. All human beings in the world are the descendants of that fourth
Adam. Other children and kin of that Adam stayed in Africa and spread all over the continent. The modern African people
are the descendants of that Adam and his kin, and the ones who resemble him the most. The fourth Adam along with his
children and kin and their descendants had to survive an extremely harsh ice age that forced them to move further and
further in search of food and shelter. They were the first humans to cross from Africa to the Arabian Peninsula, and
their descendants spread from there to the whole ancient world.Around ten to twelve thousand years ago, a meteor hit
planet earth and thousands, not only tens or hundreds, of humans survived the blast and the ice age that followed,
because there existed many Adams who were scattered around the world. Each Adam helped his children and kin to survive
the ice age. That is why humans of different races still exist in all continents on the planet.The most powerful Adams
of all those scattered Adams around the world were two Adams. The first Adam was the ancient forefather of all modern
prophets from Noah to Muhammad. The story of the flood mentioned in the Holy Books resulted from the melting of ice
after the ice age had ended, where floods covered the whole planet, and men of knowledge and prophets like Noah helped
their children and kin survive these floods, because of the great knowledge and power they had acquired and
culminated.The other Adam is the one who had immigrated with some of his children and kin to the Americas from Asia,
during the ice age, after leaving other children and kin behind. The basic line of knowledge and power of the Adam who
immigrated to the Americas resembled the modern line of knowledge and power of the Buddha, Confucius, the men of
knowledge of the Mongols, and others in Asia, which had evolved over time and was passed on to the human settlers of
Asia from the descendants of the abandoned children and kin of the Adam that had immigrated to the Americas, and had
become what is known today as the teachings of the Buddha, Confucius, and others in Asia.The basic line of knowledge
and power of the Adam who immigrated to the Americas had evolved in the new continent over thousands of years, till it
developed to the line of the Toltec system of knowledge of the Red Indians.Other Adams took on the line of knowledge
and power of the aborigines in Africa and Australia. Both lines resembled each other to a great extent, since the
Australian Aborigines had immigrated from Africa with the fourth Adam to Asia, and then to Australia around forty or
fifty thousand years ago under the leadership of a very powerful man of knowledge.The line of men of knowledge and
power of Ancient Europe took on a completely different lineage than all other lines, and formed two different branches:
One was the branch of sorcerers, and wizards which was associated later with magic, dragons, Goblins, and other myths.
The other branch was associated later with the Greek and Roman philosophies and gods and other legends. All these myths
and legends were drawn from the knowledge and power of the first great men of knowledge in Europe who immigrated from
Asia with their children and kin.God have sent death and destiny, in the form of horrific and extremely strenuous big
events and circumstances, upon chosen human beings, since the beginning of time, to make them into men of knowledge,
prophets, and messengers, in order for them to lead their fellow humans into safety, and teach them the laws of
physical survival and mental evolution.Death and destiny were the friend and companion of men of knowledge since time
immemorial. It was sent by infinity to the first species of humans that evolved, and to their earliest ancestors.
Infinity have brought development and evolution to the human species through those men of knowledge, who raised the
survival abilities and mental intelligence of their fellow contemporary humans, with new techniques and abilities they
had learned and acquired, through horrifying and extremely harsh circumstances, forced upon them by death and destiny.
Ordinary people called them gods. For example, the first man of knowledge who discovered the technique to light fire
and teach it to his children and kin became the god of fire. The first human who built a boat and sailed it was the god
of the seas. The first human who discovered iron was the god of iron, the first woman of knowledge who brought peace
and prosperity between fighting tribes was the goddess of wisdom…and so on and so forth.That is the reason why modern
humans have always looked upon prophets and religious people as perfect and holy beings, and the ones closest to God
the Almighty. They have been called either his sons or the blessed ones, or the favorites, or the ones whom the
universe was created for their sake…. and so on and so forth. Those enlightened people, who were chosen by God the
Almighty to perform extraordinary tasks, were no more than ordinary humble human beings, who brought grand and whole
new change in the evolution of their contemporary human beings, and were stalked by death and destiny to learn, the
hard way, how to survive the harshest circumstances, which made them acquire new and special knowledge that raised the
awareness of the human species, and enhanced their physical, mental, social, and political evolution.Humans have always
idolized their men of knowledge, rulers, leaders, prophets, religious people, and even their fathers and ancestors, and
made them into their gods, in some way or other, before and after their departure to the other world.Infinity have sent
death and destiny upon my humblest being, since I was one year old, in the form of extremely horrific and strenuous
circumstances, so that I would be able to prepare the way before humanity to reach safety, freedom, peace, happiness,
and salvation, through the path of love, forgiveness, and charity. I am not in any way associated with the power and
knowledge of modern Prophets or Messengers of God the Almighty. I am merely a man of knowledge whose only task is to
reveal certain hidden knowledge and religious truths in scientific methods and deductive mental reasoning, away from
myths and legends that were associated with the ancient men of knowledge and Prophets.My life story which resembles a
fairy tale was absolutely schemed and programmed, without my intention, or will, or agreement, or permission, to teach
me the ways of men of knowledge. I have seen hell on earth so that I would be stripped out of my self-importance and
personal history, and develop strong will and patience, in order for me to withstand the hardships of leadership, and
not be offended by any evil or bad actions directed to me by my beloved brothers and sisters in humanity. I have
learned, the hard way, to love my fellow humans and treat them as one as my humble being. I was taught to be equal to
all creatures and not consider myself, in any way, as better than any one of them. I was forced to err and make
mistakes more than any other human being, in order for me to become more humble, and not consider my humble being as
more pious or more deserving salvation than any of them. Infinity doesn’t grant favors upon the chosen ones. On the
contrary, they are treated without mercy or kindness. God the Almighty loves all creatures as equal. Infinity looks at
all human beings, whether they are men of knowledge, prophets, or ordinary humans with unbiased eye. The Almighty
doesn’t love Abraham, or Moses, or Solomon, or Jesus, or Muhammad, or the Buddha, or Confucius, or any other prophet,
or man of knowledge more than any other human being. Infinity reflects absolute justice and love upon all creatures,
and doesn’t differentiate between any of them.God the Almighty, loves the disbelievers as much as the ones who
believe in Him and his Holy ways. Infinity wishes to deliver them to safety and show them the right path, so that they
be saved like all others. God didn’t want his chosen prophets, messengers, and men and women of knowledge to force
religion and knowledge on them in any way. Infinity hasn’t asked the followers of all prophets to force religion on
them as they all do now. They are not the holy representatives of God on earth. Infinity did not give them the
permission to force their opinions and ways on people as if their words and themselves are holy and that the
disbelievers and believers should obey them or else be sent to hell. Infinity wants me as the chosen one, and wants the
followers of other prophets to convince them with reason, science, mercy, and love. We must not offend his beloved
disbelievers in any way and consider ourselves as holy and perfect and them the wrong-doers and the subjects who must
follow our orders. We are all subjects in the eye of Infinity, and none of us is better than any other human being. We
are supposed to be their faithful servants and benefactors and help them reach salvation through wisdom, knowledge, and
good deeds. We are not allowed to force our ways on them and believe that what we are doing is right and what they are
doing is wrong. We are all wrong-doers in the eye of Infinity, because we are not perfect and holy. We know nothing of
the designs of Infinity.Many human beings have become disbelievers because of the wrong ways that were forced on them.
God the Almighty was misrepresented by the followers of all prophets. I have come to change all that. God decided to
interfere through death and destiny and make things right. Infinity will change the evolution of our world, and we have
nothing to do about it. I was chosen to tell humanity that the time has come, and we must all be prepared for that
grand change, or we will all perish. We are all chosen by God the Almighty to change our destiny and become men and
women of knowledge. We are all destined to reach the same level of awareness and physical evolution. No one is better
than any one else. We are all the beloved and the chosen creatures of Infinity. We will all be granted the gift of
total freedom and eternity, if we change our destiny and learn the ways of men and women of knowledge. We are all the
children of Infinity. We are all part of the Divine Self of God. We will all reach our real selves and remember who we
are. We are all the reflection of the True Divine Self of Infinity in the universe. We all reflect the True Love and
Divine Knowledge of God the Almighty.
```

- [630](0630.md): (part 4) The Big Bang, Evolution, and The Real Adam by mostafasalimdia1989, Feb 4, 2016
