## 633: (last part) Jews, Christians, and Muslims

- Title: 633: (last part) Jews, Christians, and Muslims
- Author: mostafasalimdia1989
- Date: Feb 4, 2016

```
Jews, and in particular the Sons of Israel, are the descendants and siblings of the greatest Prophets that had ever
roamed the face of earth, starting from Abraham and ending with their brother Jesus Christ, who did not have any
siblingsThe Sons of Israel hold the genes of the human ancestry of all Prophets, and in particular, the powerful genes
of Moses and Solomon who were given the strongest Divine Power and Knowledge ever after Jesus Christ.The Sons of Israel
were the most capable ancestry of human beings to deliver their brothers and sisters in humanity to salvation. They
were supposed to adopt and follow the Divine Teachings of their brother Jesus Christ. They were also supposed to adopt
and follow the last Gift of Divine Knowledge that was granted to human beings: the Holy Koran.If the Sons of Israel had
followed their Divine Destiny of adopting and following the Divine Teachings of Jesus Christ and The Last Gift of
Divine Knowledge of The Holy Koran, the path of human beings would have taken a completely different turn. Human beings
would have been living in the Kingdom of The Heavens. We would have earned the Gift of Divine Knowledge and Power, and
would have been soaring on the Eternal Wings of Infinity through the endless universes of existence a long time ago.The
Sons of Israel were destined by God the Almighty to be the chosen people of God, and follow their Divine Destiny of
love, forgiveness, and charity, in order for them to lead their brothers and sisters in humanity to salvation. Their
ancestry had given humanity the greatest men of science in the world, especially Newton, Freud, Darwin, and
Einstein.But, instead, they had chosen to follow a completely different path, away from love, forgiveness, and charity.
They chose to dominate the world and enslave human beings, through their two global organizations: the Masons and
Zionism.The Sons of Israel, and in particular, the Ashkenazi Jews, had spread wars and destruction in the world since
the seventeenth century, and even before. They were behind most of the political upheavals and wars that had swept the
world since then, especially the two bloodiest wars in the human history: world wars one and two. They are the ones who
control almost half of the riches of the world through the Rothschild's and their likes.The Sons of Israel must
traverse again their Destined Divine Path of being the chosen people of God The Almighty. They should make peace with
the world. They must love and forgive their brothers and sisters in humanity and ask for their forgiveness. They must
share their riches with all their brothers and sisters to alleviate their pain and misery. They must do all that to
earn the gift of knowledge and power that was promised to the whole world by God The Almighty.Christians were no better
than the Sons of Israel. The Divine Legacy of Jesus Christ was not supposed to end with the descendants of the Roman
empire alone without the Sons of Israel. The early Christians of the Roman empire had no heritage of the Divine
Knowledge and Power of The One and Only God The Almighty as the Sons of Israel had. The Jewish brothers and Apostles of
Jesus Christ were supposed to preach his Divine Legacy among the Sons of Israel first, and later among the descendants
of the Roman empire, as Jesus himself had stated and ordered them very clearly to do so.But, instead, they had chosen
to spread that Divine Legacy among pagans alone, who used to worship many gods and knew nothing of the One and Only God
The Almighty and His Divine Knowledge and Power. Their ancestors were children of blood and war and not of peace. They
had controlled the majority of the ancient world through massacres and wars, and were not totally ready to accept the
Divine Teachings of love, forgiveness, and charity.The early Christians of the Roman empire would have accepted The
Divine Teachings of Jesus Christ better if the Sons of Israel had adopted and followed it first, so as to teach those
early Christians the Divine Truths about the Divine Knowledge and Power of The One and Only God The Almighty.Because of
that, later descendants of the first Christians of the Roman empire had exterminated and enslaved the greatest majority
of the Aborigines in the American and the Australian Continents. They had massacred, dominated, and enslaved huge
numbers of the Aborigines in the African Continent. They had dominated and overpowered a big number of countries in the
Asian Continent. They had even waged the bloodiest wars among themselves in the European Continent itself. They had
done all that in the name of Jesus Christ, and for the sake of spreading and preaching his Divine Teachings among
savages, pagans, and nonbelievers. They had deviated totally from the Divine Legacy of Jesus Christ and his Divine
Teachings of love, forgiveness, and charity.Christians must revert back to the Divine Teachings of Jesus Christ, in
order for them to traverse again the Early Divine Path of love, forgiveness, and charity and make peace with the world.
They must love and forgive their brothers and sisters in humanity and ask for their forgiveness. They must do all that
in order for them to gain the gift of Divine Knowledge and Power of The One and Only God The Almighty, and make mother
earth into the Kingdom of The Heavens that was promised to the whole world by Jesus Christ.Muslims were no better than
Jews and Christians. They had perpetrated the same crimes in the name of Allah the Almighty, especially with the
Ottoman empire, whose sultans and rulers had exterminated millions of Christians and others in the name of the One and
Only Allah The Almighty. Some bloody Muslims are even now perpetrating the worst crimes ever against humanity. They
have turned into the worst human slaughterers.Early Muslims were supposed to follow the Divine Teachings of Jesus,
Moses, and Solomon, in addition to the Divine Teachings of The Holy Koran, as it is stated very clearly in their Holy
Book. If they had done that they would have understood better the Divine Words of The Holy Koran, since their ancestors
were pagans who worshiped many gods, and knew almost nothing of the Divine Teachings of The One and Only God The
Almighty.The Divine Teachings of Jesus, Moses, and Solomon, in addition to the Divine Words of The Holy Koran, would
have helped them understand better the Divine Essence and the oneness of God The Almighty, and His Peaceful and Divine
Path of love, forgiveness, charity, and good deeds.They would have known that the Divine Words of Allah The Almighty
could have reached the majority of human beings through the Divine Path of love, forgiveness, charity, and good deeds,
and not by invading the world to spread the Divine Teachings through al-jihad for the sake of God, or spreading Islam
by the sword. They would have known that there is no such thing as al-jihad in the name of Allah The Almighty, since
the Divine Words of The Holy Koran are very precise and clear as of spreading the Divine Words of Allah the Almighty
through peaceful teachings and means, and not by the sword.Their ancestors were children of war and plundering by the
sword, and not of peace. They could not have understood completely the real Divine Teachings of the Peaceful Divine
Path of The Holy Koran. They didnâ€™t know that al-jihad had ended the moment Prophet Mohammad had conquered the Holy
City of Mecca, and that the danger against Islam had vanished, and that there was no need to use the sword to spread
the Divine Words of Allah The Almighty, and that only love, forgiveness, charity, and good deeds were the means to let
the world outside the Arabian Peninsula know about the Divine Teachings of Allah The Almighty, and about His Divine
Promise of peace and happiness that would prevail in the whole world, by adopting the Divine Words of all Holy Books,
and by following the Divine Teachings of all Prophets.Muslims must follow the Peaceful Divine Path of The Holy Koran
and other Holy Books in order for them to make peace with the world. They must love and forgive their brothers and
sisters in humanity and ask for their forgiveness. They must forgive each other above all and let early Muslims alone.
They must forget their ancient grudges and hatred and learn to love and forgive each other. They must learn to let The
One and Only God the Almighty reside alone in their hearts, and share not his love with any one of the early Muslims,
whoever they were. Only the love for God the Almighty would save them, and not the love for any other early Muslim.I
wish that you all forgive me if I have said or revealed something that contradicts with your beliefs and creeds, and
the way you are used to look and veneer your religious idols. I did not mean to utter any disrespectful remarks about
their humble beings in any possible way, because I am convinced of their humble humane nature and the grandiose impact
of their extraordinary knowledge on us, and the extraordinary evolution that they have brought into our ancestry of
human beings, through their extraordinary ways and power. I only stated some facts that I have learned from traversing
a long and arduous path of knowledge, after I was visited by my friend and companion death and destiny. You are free to
believe what I have revealed and take the proper action, or you might just consider me a crazy weirdo nuts and not
believe any word of what I have said, and continue with your daily and secure routines as you have always done. But I
hope that it would not be too late, if it turned out that what I have said was true. God bless you all, and may you
prosper and have peace and harmony in your lives.I would recommend listening to such music:
https://www.youtube.com/watch? v=GKJvnO-I57Uhttps://www.youtube.com/watch? v=cmBauSmVWbM

```

- [633](0633.md): (last part) Jews, Christians, and Muslims by mostafasalimdia1989, Feb 4, 2016
