## 737: (part 1) Creation of the universe by extraterrestrial Intelligence

- Title: 737: (part 1) Creation of the universe by extraterrestrial Intelligence
- Author: mostafasalimdia1989
- Date: Aug 3, 2016

```
Greetings of Universal Peace to all People of Planet Earth I will reveal to you in this message with proof the existence of an absolutely Intelligent extraterrestrial beings, who call themselves the Eternal Servants of The One Infinite Being, or Infinity. We call that being The One and Only God The Almighty. Those extremely intelligent beings are mere sentient beings from this material world, and not from any supernatural or heavenly world. There is only one world. It is this material world that we all live in. They were mere intelligent sentient beings similar to us living on other planets like our planet, then they evolved and became absolutely Intelligent extraterrestrial beings.Those Enlightened Extraterrestrial Heavenly Beings, who are also called Angels, have existed since Eternal Time and Space. They were taught by The Infinite Being the Absolute Universal Laws of originating the cosmos and causing its evolution and the evolution of all life forms on its planets, with the help of a book of absolutely advanced scientific laws of Universal Language similar to our language. Those beings were only taught how to originate matter but not how to design it. If all Enlightened Extraterrestrial Heavenly Beings were gathered to just design a new kind of atom, they wouldn't know how. Only The Infinite Being has the Infinite knowledge to design, and that is the Infinite Glory of the The One and Only God The Almighty. The Infinite Being  is the one and only Infinite Engineer in existence, and all Enlightened Extraterrestrial Heavenly Beings are just his absolutely intelligent servants. They are the ones who have originated our universe, and caused life to evolve on our planet to bring about an intelligent human life form, from a lesser life form, in order to develop it into a highly intelligent species, and teach that species the principles of that Universal Language at a specific destined time of their evolution. I was chosen by those beings since I was one year old. They have manipulated my life after sending death and destiny to stalk me and cause my evolution in mysterious ways, so that I would reveal at a specific destined time, to the people of planet earth,  the existence of those Enlightened Beings, and the existence of a book of Universal Language spoken by all Enlightened Beings in existence.At certain point in time and space they teach us how to become Enlightened Universal Beings ourselves by orders of The Infinite One Being. I have only learned about their existence and the existence of the book of the Universal Language on the 12 of June 2016.  I have learned at a previous time that I was chosen by Infinity to lead the human race into salvation, but had no knowledge of those beings before. I have sent you all a previous message under the title of death and destiny and evolution.This is my final message, before I deliver my soul to my friend Death, and before I perform my last dance of mystery, knowledge, and power in the presence of the Infinite Tyrant, that will reveal to you the first language that had descended on planet earth, and the evolution of all languages from it, and the Divine Motive behind that mysterious cosmic event, and what is awaiting the human race.In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God. (Holy Bible,Genesis, chapter 1)19 And out of the ground the Lord God formed every beast of the field, and every fowl of the air; and brought them unto Adam to see what he would call them: and whatsoever Adam called every living creature, that was the name thereof. (Holy    Bible, Genesis, chapter 2) 30  When your Lord said to the angels, "I am placing a successor on earth." They said, "Will You place in it someone who will cause corruption in it and shed blood, while we declare Your praises and sanctify You?" He said, "I know what you do not know."31  And He taught Adam the names, all of them; then he presented them to the angels, and said, "Tell Me the names of these, if you are sincere."32  They said, "Glory be to You! We have no knowledge except what You have taught us. It is you who are the Knowledgeable, the Wise."33  He said, "O Adam, tell them their names." And when he told them their names, He said, "Did I not tell you that I know the secrets of the heavens and the earth, and that I know what you reveal and what you conceal?" (The noble Quran, Albaqarah) listen to this while you are reading https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f9Sxdi_82rU  Language was the Heavenly Gift of Knowledge that was bestowed upon the Human Species by THE ONE AND ONLY GOD THE ALMIGHTY. It had caused them to evolve into one of the highly intelligent sentient species in the universe. If it had not been for language, humans would now have still be roaming the face of earth naked and with poor intelligence, hunting miserable animals of prey and collecting poor insects, gathering fruits and plants, taking luxurious lodgings either on the highest trees or in the deepest holes and caves, mating with their kinship and other unlucky club stricken females, and galloping heroically with mighty guts and balls before ferocious and carnivorous predators towards the highest, lowest, or nearest possible hiding safe sanctuaries. They would certainly and without the inkling of a doubt be acting instinctively as rabbits, mice, and cockroaches do. It had happened, that between 8 or 10 thousand years ago, INFINITY had sent DEATH and DESTINY to stalk a little innocent human child, causing him to evolve into the wisest and most powerful man of knowledge that had existed on our beloved mother EARTH at that period of time and space. That innocent creature was forced to lead the harshest and the most arduous and extremely horrific life in order to prepare him for the acquirement of the Heavenly Gift of Knowledge: LANGUAGE. He became the CHOSEN ONE who had lead the human race into one of the high states of evolution. They became highly intelligent sentient beings. That powerful man of knowledge was the last ADAM in a chain of ever continuing state of evolution that had brought many highly developed beings into existence, beginning with the first earthly creature that was chosen by INFINITY, around 3 million years ago, by sending DEATH and DESTINY to stalk it, in order to bring upon it the first state of evolution towards humanity, and cause it to develop into a more intelligent sentient being, and, hence, made it into the first thinking creature on our celestial planet. He was the first ADAM. I, too, had been chosen by INFINITY, through my harsh encounter with  DEATH and DESTINY that had been stalking me since I was one year old, and I eventually developed into a humble man of knowledge, who would pave the way before human beings, and that by preparing them for their last earthly journey on the path of evolution, that would make them into one of the enlightened species in the universe, where they would soar with an infinite speed, through infinite time and space, on the wings of INFINITY, and move on to the next ever continuing state of celestial evolution, for the Heavenly Intention of unraveling the countless mysteries of DIVINE ETERNITY, while traversing the Sacred Golden Path of Extraterrestrial Knowledge and Power.I am the chosen one who will introduce the human race to the Universal Heavenly Language that will transform them into Enlightened Extraterrestrial Beings. I would send you a copy of my story with DEATH and DESTINY at the end of my revelations that would unveil some of the mysterious secrets of existence. I had sent a copy of my mysterious story with DEATH and DESTINY to most of you in a previous period of time and space, and which you might, or mightn't, have directed vehemently with honor and dignity into the highly favored recycle bin of your neat computer desktops, or your more revered and most veneered sweet and cuddly companions and hand-car-pocket-university-work-bed-mates of the latest models of technologically sophisticated touch screen I phones. Language was the most effective evolutionary Sacred Tool that had been imposed upon the human species by THE ONE AND ONLY GOD THE ALMIGHTY, to transform them from mere animal behaviorist creatures into the only intelligent sentient beings on earth, and one of the infinite number of other intelligent sentient life forms who exist throughout the infinite number of universes of the present time and space, and had existed since ancient eternity in infinite number of ancient by-gone universes of ancient times and spaces, and will never cease to exist in infinite numbers of infinite future universes of future times and spaces. Humans had roamed the face of earth for hundreds of thousands of years before they had received the Heavenly Gift of Language, and no earthly power or acquired knowledge had ever transported them in time and space to what they are now.In just a period of no more than  8 or 9 or 10 thousand years or less or more, humans have accomplished what might have taken them for ever to achieve, if they were to merely depend on their limited ancient mental powers. They would have never accomplished that trependously tremendous feat if it had not been for the intervention of a Mighty and Absolutely Knowledgeable Outside Force, whether it wasDIVINE or extraterrestrial, that had obliged them to traverse a path of evolution towards knowledge and power, and had changed them physically and mentally in an incredibly magical way to what they have become now. Although humans are not in any possible teeny weeny way just a little tiny meeny neeny bit close to being or to become an advanced extraterrestrial intelligent species, and in spite of being ∞ very  greedy and blood-thirsty kind, and regardless of being the most∞ destructive force that is leading all life forms on our beloved celestial beautiful planet earth with hatredness, greediness,  devileshness, stubborness, and selfishness, into extermination in the next 20 years…. regardless of all that, it is still zelievably unbelievable that THE ONE AND ONLY GOD THE ALMIGHTY is not giving up on us, as the Angels had overseen and predicted in the NOBLE QURAN:30  When your Lord said to the angels, "I am placing a successor on earth." They said, "Will You place in it someone who will cause corruption in it and shed blood, while we declare Your praises and sanctify You?" He said, "I know what you do not know." Language was a Divine Gift of Knowledge bestowed by INFINITY upon the Last Adam, and through him to the entire human race, in a direct way through the process of teaching him, at first, the method of connecting sounds together to make names of all the things around him. He was taught how to utter new sounds that humans had never and eternally ever used before. Humans used to make few easy-to-utter sounds and gestures to communicate with each other before they were introduced to language. Most of these sounds were a combination of animal howls, growls, and cries, in addition to other feasible and easy-to-learn human sounds they had developed throughout their long hundreds of millenniums journey on the Sacred Path of Evolution. Humans had no need for a language at that time. All they had to do in order to survive was hunting poor animals, catching miserable insects, and gathering fruits and plants. Of course, we should not forget the indispensable need of reproducing cute male descendants for the purpose of aiding their fathers in hunting, and sweet female siblings for the Heavenly Task of mating and gathering yummy fruits and delicious plants. Animals hunt, graze, and mate without the need of a highly complicated system of communication. The Last Adam was taught all the sounds that a human being is able to utter, except one. These sounds form the letters that we all use to speak and write. Most of these sounds are used by every human being including the three Sacred Sounds. Only four Heavenly Sounds are unknown to the majority of present human beings and are the hardest to utter. The Last Adam was taught all the human sounds including the four mysterious Heavenly Sounds. Only five ethnic human groups include all of the four Heavenly Sounds in their languages: The majority of Arabs. A minority ethnic group of Chaldeans who speak the modern Aramaic language as a second language, while the ancient Aramaic was the dominant language in times of ancient antiquity spoken by ancient Egyptians, Akkadians, and Phoenicians and other ancient extinct ethnic human groups in ancient Babylonia.Tigrigna-speaking ethnic group found in the African state of Eritrea.The Persian people. Although two of the four Heavenly Sounds are not pronounced properly as Arabs, Ancient Hebrew and Aramaic speaking ethnic groups do, but still the Persians add more accents to their language than the Arabs and the Aramaic minority do. And last the ethnic minority of ancient Hebrew-speaking Jews (especially the genuine descendants of the Children of Israel, while the majority of Jews, especially the Ashkenazim Jews, who constitute now the majority of modern Jews, include only one of these sounds as a basic letter in their mother language, while they use the other sound - which is not a basic part of their modern Hebrew language - as an accent, the same as the French-speaking people accent the letter r into a different sound, or as Germans use this sound as an accent in spite of not being a basic part of their language. I will shed more light on that matter later on with practical visual-audio aids).The ancient Hebrew language was the original Heavenly Language bestowed upon the Last Adam, and from which all other languages of humanity derived. That ancient Hebrew language was also the language that THE ONE AND ONLY GOD THE ALMIGHTY used to communicate with Noah, Abraham, Jacob,  and other Prophets of the Children of Israel as Moses,  David and Solomon.  I assure you that things would become clearer and more comprehensible and infinitely much more understandable at the end of my boring account. Only one ethnic group include three of these Heavenly sounds in their languages: The Geez-speaking clergy men who use it in some churches in the African state of Ethiopia. The Geez language is used nowadays only for religious ceremonies, while this archaic language was spoken by the majority of Ethiopians and other ethnic groups in times of ancient past. The Geez language is derived from the Aramaic language that uses the four Heavenly Sounds. With time, they had dropped the fourth sound and left only three.Many ethnic human groups use one or two of these Heavenly Sounds. I will mention them in due time. It was practically impossible for any ancient human being to invent a complete language with completely unknown sounds solely by depending on his very limited mental abilities, because he was not a highly intelligent being in the first place, and had no need for it in the second. Otherwise, animals would have invented a language for the hell of it, or just for fun, or may be it might have increased their hunting or grazing functions?! Or better yet, it might have certainly and without an iota of a doubtlessly zoubtless doubt enhanced their mating abilities, right? Ha, ha, ha!!!! Language was a gift from INFINITY bestowed upon human beings in order to evolve them into a highly intelligent species for purposes that would be unraveled later on during this infinitely boring and eternally precious-time-wasting account of my mysterious revelations. Language forced the human species to use their hidden mental potentials in an unimaginably magical ways. They had started for the first time in their existence to exploit newly acquired learning and memorizing procedures in methodical, reasonable, logical, and scientific ways. They had started to think and ponder upon the materialistic elements of their unfathomable world, and had begun to comprehend that mysterious world in an infinitely different way. They had looked up into the Infinite, indivisible, and indescribable one Divine Void that engulfs existence in all infinite directions, and witnessed for the first time the trillioniosely grandiose vastness, and the greatest mystery of the unfathomable and undiscoverable and untraversable universe. The infinite number of fazzlingly dazzling celestial stars triggered their newly acquired imagination, and the myriads of zillionds of questions about existence during the thousands of years of their long evolution, perpetuated the revelopment of a more advanced form of altered consciousness . It took the Last Adam years to master the basics of that Heavenly Ancient Hebrew Language with all its newly acquired sounds. Adam began to teach it to his kin and tribe. It took hundreds of more years to develop it into a complete system of advanced communication tool through the descendants of Adam, and with direct supervision and mentor ship from THE ONE AND ONLY GOD THE ALMIGHTY. Religious Rules and Commandments began to descend from the Heavens onto earth to regulate the relation between humans themselves and between INFINITY and humans, through Adam and other men of knowledge and prophets, who were direct descendants of Adam, and who had mastered perfectly the ancient Hebrew Language and abided completely by the Heavenly Rules. The first rule that had descended unto the Last Adam was to cover his naked genitals. Infinity had taught him how to weave certain plant fibers to make the first dress that had covered his genitals and the genitals of his mating female and kin. Humans added later the hides of animals for theirdashionably fashionable genitalical costumes. Other descendants of Adam were not prophets and men of knowledge, because they had not mastered perfectly the Heavenly Language in the first place, and had not followed all of the Heavenly Laws that had descended onto earth in the second place. It took thousands of years for the ancient Hebrew Language and other sister languages, especially the Arabic, Tigrigna, and Aramaic languages that had derived from it, to spread and circulate among all human beings of the ancient world. During these thousands of years, and with the mastering of languages, human beings undertook a magical journey on the path of knowledge and civilization. In the beginning they had modified the hunting and gathering techniques into taming animals and planting crops and fruitful trees. It was the Last Adam who had initiated that  tremendous step towards civilization under the supervision and tutorship of INFINITY, that had taught him ways to capture the young of animals to tame them, and techniques of irrigating and cultivating fertile lands in order to plant seeds and fruitful trees. With taming and planting humans began to settle down around rivers and fertile lands. They started to build houses for lodgings, barns for storing crops and animal feed, and sheds for keeping their tamed animals. To accomplish all of that there came the need for new architectural methods and craftsmanship. Simple engineering methods and skilled labor-ship began to emerge, and consequently all kinds of knowledge and trades. With the help of prophets, men of knowledge, and skillful men, humans developed their techniques and tools and big settlements started to rise up. Ancient civilization saw its epic in ancient Egypt and Mesopotamia. The human language has 25 sounds. 21 of these sounds, including the three Sacred Sounds, are used in the greatest majority of human languages nowadays, while the other four Heavenly Sounds are used only by very few ethnic groups as I had mentioned earlier. I would call them sounds and not letters because sometimes the same sound makes two letters in a language and three or four letters in another. In the Amharic language every sound makes even six letters. For example the sound k is repeated four times in cat, Kate, quite, Christmas, but still it is the same sound. Sometimes there are sounds that has no letters to represent it, and is made by joining two letters as in there, think, phrase, and ship.  These sounds are: A, B, T, Th(think), J(jar), D, Th(there), R, Z, S, Sh(ship), F, K, L, M, N, H(hat),  W(way, water) Y(year, fly), V, G(girl). The three Sacred Sounds are: J(jar), G(girl), and V.I would write the four Heavenly Sounds in Arabic, because it is the only language that includes all the four of them in their alphabetical system. Although these sounds are found in the ancient Hebrew language, but still they are not included in the alphabetical system of the modern Hebrew language. This modern Hebrew language had lost all the Heavenly Magic and the Divinity that shrouds the Ancient Hebrew Language, for it is the language of God and the Prophets.
```

- [737](0737.md): (part 1) Creation of the universe by extraterrestrial Intelligence by mostafasalimdia1989, Aug 3, 2016
