## 743: (part 2) Creation of the universe by extraterrestrial Intelligence

- Title: 743: (part 2) Creation of the universe by extraterrestrial Intelligence
- Author: mostafasalimdia1989
- Date: Aug 9, 2016
- Original: [https://groups.yahoo.com/neo/groups/blupf90/conversations/messages/743](https://groups.yahoo.com/neo/groups/blupf90/conversations/messages/743)

```
The Four Mysterious Heavenly Sounds are: ح-خ-ع-غ I call these sounds and others Heavenly and Sacred because they
have played the greatest role in the evolution of language. No sound is better or more sacred than any other sound. All
sounds are Sacred and Heavenly. I just call them like that just to stress upon the important role they have played in
the process of evolution.None of the ethnic groups that include the Heavenly Sounds in their language are more sacred
or holy than any other ethnic group. All ethnic groups are equal before INFINITY.I implore you to scrutinize and gaze
at the four Heavenly Sounds and memorize them because you will see a video that shows the way they are pronounced. From
now on, you are going to embark on a Sacred, magical, and wonderful journey that will reveal to you the absolute
mystery of language. Fasten your seat belts, for you are going to soar on the wings of	INFINITY to discover a new
world of magic and power you have never ever witnessed before in your wildest imaginations. You are going to travel in
an infinite speed through infinite time and space to witness the infinite splendor of the ETERNAL DIVINITY and HOLINESS
of THE ONE AND ONLY GOD THE ALMIGHTY.Watch this video very carefully. Memorize and practice the pronunciation of the
four Heavenly Sounds for reasons you will comprehend later on:https://www.youtube.com/watch? v=5g6QS67UsmQThe ancient
Hebrew language has almost all the sounds that humans can utter. It is the most advanced earthly language, but not as
advanced and complete as the Universal Language awaiting to descend on the human species in future time, that will most
zertainly transform them from mere highly intelligent earthly species to a much more advanced Extraterrestrial
Enlightened Beings. This will become clearer to you at the end of my zoringly boring revelations. The only sound that
the ancient Hebrew language does not have is the j sound as in (jar). This sound is the same sound as the g sound in
(girl) in this language. They can either exchange any one of these two sounds with the other sound and nothing changes
in the meaning of the words. The majority of ancient Hebrew-speaking ethnic group stress on the the g. Only a small
minority of Yemeni Jews exchange the g with  j but the meaning stays the same. Arabs do the same with these two sounds.
The majority of Arabs stress on the j instead of the g, and the meaning stays the same. Only Egyptians who live in some
provinces in Egypt stress the g instead of the j, while their countrymen who live in provinces located in the
countryside stress the g. In both Egyptian cases the meaning of the words does not alter even a very zery little tiny
ziny bit. The first and ever far most state of evolution that had initiated to take place in the ancient Hebrew
language started with the two sons of Adam: Cain and Abel. When Cain killed his brother Abel he fled into Yemen and had
to change the pronunciation or accentuation of the g into j. Another Hebrew twin sister language came into being with
the same meanings but with different pronunciations of the g and j. Both dialects still exist in the present time and
space. May be a punishment was imposed upon Cain from God to change the g into j, so that his ancestors won't receive
the Holy Commandments anymore. Or may be it was an intended and premeditated will from INFINITY to introduce another
sound into the world. Most modern languages have both the g and j sounds in their linguistic system, which are used as
completely different letters. only Arabs and Hebrews treat them the same. Those descendants of Cain were later
conquered by the Hebrew empire lead by the wisest and strongest Prophet ever: The Great King Solomon. That ancient
Yemeni nation had grown to become a great power that ruled all the Arabian Peninsula and other parts of the Ancient
world. That nation reached its epic power under the rule of the queen of Sheba: Balkis. They had deviated further from
the original religion of the Hebrews and were worshiping statues, planets, and other earthly deities. That is why The
Great King Solomon was sent by God to bring back the descendants of Cain, the Son of Adam, to the original religion.
The Great King Solomon did even more than that. He had married their queen and brought the Nation of God again into
unity. Both twin sister languages started the process of evolution separately. The ancient primitive people who were
living in Yemen started to learn that the Hebrew language of Cain. Since it was a very strong language and could not be
handled by those ancient people, a dramatic development took place. The ancient Hebrew language of Cain, and its twin
sister the ancient Hebrew language, both stress the two sounds: the v and the خ. When you listen to these two twin
sister languages, you will notice right away that these two sounds are pronounced much more than any other sound. That
is what gives the Hebrew language its strength and power. Now to break the bond between those two sounds and make it
easier to learn, people who were settling in Yemen, where Cain was exiled, dropped the v and stressed the خ much less
than the mother language. That was the beginning of the formation of the Arabic language. It took a couple of thousands
of years for that ancient language to develop into a complete Arabic linguistic system, that resembles the Modern
Arabic	in all aspects and rules. The ancient Arabian Men of knowledge who were stalked by Death and Destiny
accomplished most of that task. The Modern Arabic language is the third most ancient language that had come into
existence, along with the ancient Tigrigna language.The ancient Tigrigna language had followed the same evolutionary
steps as the Arabic language. The primitive people who were living with the other descendants of Adam in Mesopotamia
did the same with that ancient mother language and dropped the v and low-stressed  the خ.That ancient Tigrigna
language became the twin sister of the Arabic language, because both dropped the v and low-stressed  the خ , but with
a slight difference between the two. The Arabs have the j in their linguistic system, while the Tigrignans  have the
g.The Tigrigna language is different from the Arabic, although they  resemble each other in many aspects. The ancient
Tigrigna language resembles to a very great extent the modern Tigrigna, but with a slight difference than the ancient
Tigrigna. When the ancient Tigrigna language spread further than the borders of Mesopotamia and reached some African
regions as far as Eritrea, the people over there replaced the s with th as in (think), because it was easier for them
to pronounce. That happens with many languages around the world nowadays, where the s is accented to th (think),
because it is easier to pronounce. That ancient Tigrigna language exists no more, but the ancient Arabic language, on
the contrary, still  exists to our very present day. The ethnic group who spoke the Arabic language in ancient times
moved to the Arabian Peninsula, and then after a couple of thousands of years of mastering the Arabic language, they
spread further to some parts of Jordan, Palestine, Syria, and Iraq which were part of Mesopotamia. They were nomads who
had lived mostly in desert areas where no conquering nation was interested to gain their riches. They only had golden
sand, and not golden metals. That is the reason that saved their language from extinction. Sumerians, who were settling
in some parts of Mesopotamia, were the first ancient ethnic group that had spoken the ancient Tigrigna language, which
derived from the original ancient Hebrew language, after dropping the v and low-stressing the  خ.It took a couple of
thousands of years for this language to spread in  the whole of Mesopotamia at first, before it had dominated far away
parts in Africa, Persia, and the Middle East. The Sumerians were the first conquering and warrior nation in the ancient
world.Throughout the thousands of years of coexistence between the Tigrigna and the Arabic languages a dramatic
evolutionary  process was taking place. There appeared in Mesopotamia a new form of linguistic system more advanced
than both the Arabic and the Tigrigna languages.That linguistic system combined both the g and the j along with all the
other sounds found in both Arabic and Tigrigna, in addition to some new sounds that were twin brothers to some sounds.
They were the same sounds as the original twin brother sounds, but with a slight difference in stressing or accenting
those sounds. An example of that sound is the sound p, which is a twin brother of the sound b but is stressed more. 
The Aramaic language came into existence.The ancient Aramaic is the same in its alphabetical system as the modern
Persian language, but it differs from it in the formation of sentences and pronunciation. The Geez language is closer
to the ancient Aramaic as regards to sentence formation and pronunciation. The Geez resembles the Arabic in sentence
formation and pronunciation more than the Persian language does. Other sister languages of the Aramaic are the
Assyrian, Chaldean and the Syriac languages. We are not sure that the Chaldeans speak the original ancient Aramaic
language. Although Assyrians and Syriacs claim that their language is the Aramaic, but that is not quite true. The
Assyrians and Syriacs drop two of the Heavenly Sounds from their alphabetical system, which makes their language 
different from the original. Some Chaldeans, or may be most of them, accent the s lnto th(think), but others don't,
which makes some Chaldeans who don't accent the s authentic descendants of the Aramaens (Aramaics). Chaldeans have also
dropped two of the Heavenly Sounds from their alphabetical system as the Assyrians and Syriacs did, which make us
question or may be wonder if they are still authentic Aramaens?? The only ethnic group that still includes the original
Aramaic sounds or alphabets into their alphabetical system are the Persians.Ancient Egyptians, Akkadians, Persians, and
Phoenicians, belonged all to the Aramaic nation or empire. Each one of them held the seat of power at some time.
Babylonia was the seat of power of the Akkadians. Egypt was the seat of power of the Egyptian Pharaohs. Some parts of
present Iran, or may be more than that, was the seat of power of the Persians or the Furs or Faresies. Phoenicians had
their own seat of power that coexisted with the other seats and declared allegiance to them, or we might say,
obedience. Phoenicians ruled certain cities as provinces of the Aramaic seat of power during the three different
eras.Although the four ethnic groups belonged to the Aramaic nation, but still each ethnic group had his own linguistic
system that differed from the mother language in sentence formations and pronunciations. All four twin sister languages
resembled the ancient mother tongue in some way or another. For example the Geez and the modern Aramaic languages
belong to the Aramaic system, but when you hear them you will notice the difference in sentence formations and
pronunciation.The modern Persian system differs to a great extent from both the Geez and the modern Aramaic languages.
We would never know what was the ancient Aramaic language of the Persians sounded like. There might be some ethnic
groups who live in modern Iran still speak the original mother tongue. Zoroastrians were contemporaries to that ancient
era. Zoroaster was a prophet who brought a message of love and peace to the world like The Heavenly Being Jesus Christ
did. Zoroaster was the first prophet to preach and predict the coming of the Messiah. He talked about heaven and
hell.Hebrew, Aramaic, Tigrigna and Arabic languages are all considered Heavenly Languages because they all have the
four Heavenly Sounds in their linguistic systems. Ancient Hebrew is a Heavenly Language of the first class. Aramaic is
of the second class. Tigrigna and Arabic are of the third class. Prophets of the first class language talked to God
directly. Prophets of the second class language spoke to the Spirit of God. Prophets of the third class languages
talked to God through the mediator Angel Gabriel.At this crucial stage of our Eternal journey on the Eternal path of
Divine Knowledge and power, we are about to embark on a more mysterious journey. We have reached the farthest outer
boundaries of the universe and we are about to gaze with awe and wonder at the Infinite Void that lies beyond the
material universe, and engulfs everything and being in existence. So fasten your seat belts more tightly. You will
witness what no other human has ever witnessed before. You are going to learn about the Eternal Holy bond between
INFINITY and both of language and science and their relation to the Heavenly Universal Language, spoken by all
Enlightened Extraterrestrial Beings in the infinite universes of existence. You will also learn about the infinite
knowledge and power that awaits all intelligent life forms in existence, after they receive the book of Heavenly
Universal Language and become Enlightened Extraterrestrial Beings, who later become The Eternal Servants of Infinity,
after many extraterrestrial evolution to learn the Divine methods of executing the Divine tasks of creation and
evolution that are Intended by THE ONE AND ONLY GOD THE ALMIGHTY.  All previous Prophets and Men of of Knowledge who
had left the world became Enlightened Extraterrestrial Beings after receiving the book of Heavenly Universal Language.
They only faked their death because ordinary people were unable to grasp the designs of Infinity.    Sumerians believed
in THE ONE AND ONLY GOD THE ALMIGHTY at the beginning. They had their own prophets who received messages from God
through Angel Gabriel. They had deviated from their original religion and worshiped earthly deities and statues. That
was the beginning of their destruction and the coming of the Aramaic nation that believed in THE ONE AND ONLY GOD THE
ALMIGHTY, as Hebrews did. Ancient Egyptians had their own prophets who spoke with the Spirit of God. They all worshiped
THE ONE AND ONLY GOD THE ALMIGHTY at first, but then they had also deviated from their old ancient Sacred Path and
began to worship animals and planets and other earthly deities. The pharaoh at one point became a god, as well as
priests and priestesses. That was the Divine reason behind sending the Great Prophet Joseph to Egypt to try bringing
them back to their Sacred Old Path. After the great drought that struck Egypt by Heavenly Will, Joseph was able to
practically rule Egypt.  Joseph convinced the Pharaoh of that era, whom is believed to be Akhenaten, to re-worship the
Hebrew God as his old ancestors had done before.The pharaoh was convinced and the THE ONE AND ONLY GOD THE ALMIGHTY was
declared to be the only deity to be worshiped in ancient Egypt.The Children of Israel moved to Egypt to assist in
preaching the Sacred Hebrew Scriptures that called for the worshiping of the one God. The children of Israel became
priests and began to control the other temples that used to worship earthly deities and statues. A struggle between the
old temple priests and the new Hebrew priests began to divide the Egyptian ruling dynasty along with the whole
population. That struggle lasted for tens of years after which it ended by reverting to the old pagan path and the
worshiping of earthly deities, and the Children of Israel were enslaved.The children of Israel had multiplied to great
numbers during their freedom and captivity as well. That was the main Divine reason behind their departure from
Mesopotamia to Egypt. God had willed that they multiply and become a great nation in order for them to spread largely
in many parts of Mesopotamia, at a future destined time after hundreds of years, and weaken the seat of power of the
Aramaic nation that was to move to Babylonia, Persia, and Syria in Mesopotamia, after weakening the Egyptian seat of
ruling power by Moses. God had willed the weakening of the seat of power of the Aramaic nation that had been ruling the
Aramaic empire from Egypt, in case the Egyptian Aramaic nation did revert back to the old path of THE ONE AND ONLY GOD
THE ALMIGHTY. God had willed that the Egyptian nation believe again in him in order for that belief to spread in the
ancient world, and people stop worshiping statues. When Joseph had first succeeded in his Divine Message of bringing
back the Egyptians into the old Divine Path again, the belief in God started to spread again in the whole Aramaic
empire. But after the Egyptians re-deviated again from the old Divine Path, God assigned Moses to accomplish that
predestined task by drowning most of pharaohs' army in the sea. After the weakening of the Aramaic seat of ruling power
in Egypt, the way was paved for the Hebrew nation to initiate their own seat of power, after they had multiplied
greatly and were ready to form a strong mighty army of God.   We have already become familiar with the four Heavenly
Sounds, and are about to unveil the mysterious secret of the other Three Sacred Sounds that complete the human language
and makes it ready to be transformed into a Heavenly Universal Language. Those Three Sacred Sounds are the v, j, and g.
They are Sacred because the human language would not have evolved, if it were not for dropping and adding them during
the thousands of years of evolution. The four Heavenly Sounds are divided into two classes: the first and the second
class. The first class sounds are the ح-ع-, and the second class sounds are the خ- غ. The first class sounds are
the hardest sounds in the human language, and in the whole universe, and are of the same strength. The غ in the second
class is harder to pronounce and have more strength than the خ. Anyone can learn the خ sound very easily and that is
why we see it in many languages. When INFINITY introduced the language to Adam, the غ was used rarely if not seldom or
even less in the ancient Hebrew language. When you hear the ancient Hebrew language you would notice that the خ is
mostly used along with the v. The  ح-ع-are also used frequently but not as much often as the خis used. When you hear
the Arabic language you would notice that the خ is not used much frequently as in the ancient Hebrew, first because it
was always accompanied with the v which was dropped in Arabic, and secondly to make the newly acquired language easier
to grasp and learn. But the غ in Arabic is used more than the ancient Hebrew, but not much frequently and that for the
purpose of making the language easier.The human language began to spread in the ancient world at first with the
Sumerians. They were the first conquering empire in the human history that had invaded the entire ancient world from
Asia to Africa and Europe and spread the ancient Tigrignan language on a wide scale. Ancient people who were living in
the ancient world outside Mesopotamia, were mere naked human hunters with no language. It was extremely easy (a piece
of yummy cake) to conquer and subdue those ancient cave people by a civilized empire as the Sumerians. Cave people in
those regions started to learn the ancient Tigrigna language. After thousands of years the Tigrigna language spread on
a wide scale. After the falling of the Sumerian empire and the rise of the Aramaic empire, the Aramaic language began
to invade the ancient world. New languages began to form, and the j which had not as of yet been introduced to the
ancient people outside Mesopotamia, began to circulate and enter the primitive ancient system of languages of those
primitive people, and new primitive systems of languages began to form combining the j and g. Ancient languages outside
Mesopotamia didn't have to be complete and complicated linguistic systems, because the people who were using them had
not formed as of yet big civilized empires. They didn't need complete languages as of yet, because they became mere
shepherds and farmers after the Sumerian invasion and after learning the early methods of  taming animals and planting
crops. The first European ethnic group that had started to develop a more complicated linguistic system were the Greek.
They had begun to traverse the path of a conquering power before any ethnic group in Europe, and had commenced to form
the greatest and most civilized empire that had ever come to existence in the whole ancient world.  If it had not been
for the rise of the Great Greek Empire and the birth of the greatest Greek Human Being that had ever roamed the face of
earth, humans would have reverted to the wilderness, and we would be now walking naked and mating and eating like
monkeys do. You would know the mysterious secrets about that great mysterious empire later on.	If INFINITY had not
willed the rise of the Great Ancient Hebrew Nation and the drowning of pharaohs' army with the stick of Moses, we would
be now most zertainly shouting and yelling at each other on the tallest trees like chimpanzees do.
```

- [743](0743.md): (part 2) Creation of the universe by extraterrestrial Intelligence by mostafasalimdia1989, Aug 9, 2016
