## 744: (part 3) Creation of the universe by extraterrestrial Intelligence

- Title: 744: (part 3) Creation of the universe by extraterrestrial Intelligence
- Author: mostafasalimdia1989
- Date: Aug 13, 2016

```
During the reign of the Aramaic empire, other sister languages started to rise and challenge the Aramaic language,
similar to the Geez, Assyrian, and Syriac. These languages were formed and adopted by ethnic groups living in regions
far away from the main urban settlements in deserts and mountainous areas, and among strong shepherds and farmers. The
Assyrians were the most dangerous of them. They had seized and reigned the capital city of Babylonia in later times The
original ancient Aramaic language had started to lose some of its Heavenly Sounds. The Assyrians and Syriacs for
example had already dropped two Heavenly Sounds as was above-mentioned. With time the human language was destined to
lose all its sounds, and that language would have eventually fallen into oblivion, and we would have reverted to
hunting and gathering plants and fruits.  But this time we would have started to traverse the opposite path of
evolution that had started 3 million years ago, and we would have reverted back to our first ancestor's image. To save
the human language from extinction there was dire need for the direct intervention of INFINITY. The mighty and
destructive power of INFINITY was manifested in the stick of Moses and the Ark of the Covenant. After Moses had drowned
most of pharaohs' army, and after the Children of Israel had plundered the golden riches of the Egyptian women, the
Israelite were ready to traverse the path of a conquering nation. They now had great numbers of mighty men who had
grown big muscles from dragging boulders for building pyramids, and strong will and determination acquired through the
harsh and long years of captivity, and were ready to form a mighty army. They also had lots of plundered gold to equip
that army with swords, carriages, and horses. If INFINITY had not willed that Joseph be sold to the Egyptians by his
brothers, and the enslaving of the Hebrew nation, the Children of Israel would not have grown to become mighty warriors
of the sword. We will never understand the designs of INFINITY. INFINITY had intended to send Death and Destiny upon
Joseph and his brothers and all their descendants for the Sacred Purpose of saving the human language.INFINITY had
predicted the outcome of all those events because it was the intention of INFINITY that those events take place for
Divine evolutionary reasons that we will never ever understand. We can never comprehend the designs of INFINITY. It was
never the intention of INFINITY to destroy the Aramaic empire. The Divine Intention was only to weaken that empire by
weakening the major seat of power of the Aramaic empire in Egypt, so that far away and independent states that were
under the Egyptian reign as the nations of Babylonia, Persia, and Bilad Al-Sham that consist of Syria, Lebanon, Jordan,
and Palestine, declare their separate seats of power. When a nation rise there comes the need for governmental control
and military strategies and other official necessities in order to regulate the daily affairs of their subjects. With
that comes the need for a stronger language.That Divine Intention initiated the rising of many separate powers like the
Akkadians in Babylonia, Persians in Iran, and Phoenicians in Bilad Al-Sham. That way the Aramaic language had
strengthened for it was destined also to play a major role in saving the human language in future time, with the power
of the Enlightened Heavenly Being Jesus Christ who was of Aramaic origin and of Hebrew ancestry.The other Divine
Intention was to initiate a Hebrew empire that had all the four Heavenly Sounds and two of the Sacred Sounds to reign
in the region, so that the way would be paved for the perpetuation of a grand stage of evolution in the human
consciousness and their languages through the future emergence of the Sacred Language that would combine the two Sacred
sounds v and g along with the two Heavenly Sounds the  خ- غ in a new language,  for the first time in human history.
That Divine reason would become clearer in later revelations.  After the drowning of a big number of the Egyptian army
and the departure of the Hebrews, the way was paved for the rise of a Godly Empire to retrieve the path of  INFINITY
into the world again, and save the human language. After the destruction of pharaohs' army with a Godly Power, the
Egyptians started to reconsider their religious practices and beliefs, for they were convinced that God was punishing
them for abandoning his Sacred Path. A great majority of the Egyptian people began questioning the dumb reasons behind
abandoning the path of the Hebrew God of Joseph, who had saved their nation from starvation. People started to defy the
ways of the pagan temple that was behind the enslaving of the Hebrews and the abandoning of their God.	A number of
Egyptians who were still following the Sacred Path of God secretly declared openly their belief in THE ONE AND ONLY GOD
THE ALMIGHTY. Others followed suit and abandoned the ways of the pagan temple and declared also their beliefs in THE
ONE AND ONLY GOD THE ALMIGHTY.The Path of God was repaved once again and more people started to declare their new
belief. With the passing of time, more and more Egyptians started to believe in the the Sacred path of the One God.
That is the reason why the future Hebrew empire, especially during the reign of king Solomon, was not an enemy with the
Egyptians. On the contrary, the Egyptian seat of reign declared allegiance with that empire later. The other future
independent states of the Aramaic empire declared their allegiance too. The destruction of pharaohs' army made all
people fear the God of the Hebrews. Only people who were worshiping earthly deities and did not declare their
allegiance with the God of Israel were exterminated. The Hebrew empire established its seat of power in Jerusalem in
Palestine (Israel now), after waging many wars against pagans with a direct intervention from God through the infinite
Sacred power of the Ark of the Covenant. King David was the first Godly King that had ruled the Hebrew empire. His son
King Solomon was the next Godly King, who was given tremendous powers from God. The empire reached its epic power with
the reign of King Solomon who conquered many parts in Africa and Asia and parts of Europe. He only fought nations that
did not declare allegiance with God. Most of these nation did not defy him for they had heard of his Godly powers and
feared his vengeance. King Solomon was given Heavenly Powers that defied imagination. He had an army of Enlightened
Extraterrestrial Beings armed with advanced weapons of unlimited power. Those extraterrestrial beings were enlightened
creatures from other planets who had received the Heavenly Gift of Universal Language, that allowed them to have access
to  absolute Heavenly Knowledge and Power that defies our limited human consciousness. At a certain period of time and
space, and when any kind of sentient life form on any planet in the infinite number of universes in existence, reaches
a certain stage of evolution, THE ONE AND ONLY GOD THE ALMIGHTY sends his Heavenly Beings, who are called Angels in
religious books, and who are  really mere Enlightened Extraterrestrial Beings from other planets, to assist in teaching
highly intelligent beings on any planet the Heavenly Universal Language, after they have reached certain stage of
progress in knowledge and language so that they would be able to traverse the Path Of Heavenly Knowledge And Power. The
Hebrew language started to spread throughout all continents, and new languages began to emerge, for it was hard to
learn and bear the Heavenly Powers that the ancient Hebrew language had. Other existing languages like the Aramaic
began to develop and strengthened its four Heavenly Sounds. The four Heavenly Sounds were saved and new linguistic
systems began to emerge. The Divine Intention of INFINITY was to create a linguistic system that combined the two
Sacred Sounds the g, v, along with the two easy-to-pronounce Heavenly sounds خ- غ , with dropping the strongest
sounds in the human language the ح-ع for reasons that would become clearer in later times,  in addition to blowing
more power in the weak and crippled soundغ , and resurrecting the almost dead sound th(think), that are both seldom
used in the ancient Hebrew language, in order to put the ancient primitive human consciousness on an advanced path of
knowledge, where philosophy, deductive reasoning, and logic, become a dominant power in the human mind, so that
scientific knowledge be introduced later in more advanced forms, and human beings receive the Heavenly Gift of
Universal Language at future time. That time has drawn near for our blessed dummy, lusty, selfish, greedy, and
bloodthirsty human race. Philosophy forced the human mind to think deeply about the universe and existence. It played a
great role in incorporating logic and deductive thinking in the human mind, in order to bring a new line of knowledge
to the world of the human beings.The four Heavenly Sounds were very important to initiate a relation with INFINITY and
to put the human race on a path of a new evolutionary stage different from the previous one. INFINITY had prepared the
human race for that decisive crossroad of evolution. The Divine Intention of Infinity was to transform our
3-million-years-ancient-ancestor that had animal attributes and evolve him to a thinking creature with abilities to
learn and develop his consciousness. We are an awareness and feelings. INFINITY is the Infinite Awareness. We are part
of that Awareness. The purpose of our creation is to develop that flame of raw awareness into a high form of
consciousness till it reaches the level of Enlightened Holy awareness.The only way to accomplish that was to introduce
language to the human race after preparing them through thousands of years of evolution. After the rise and fall of the
major empires of the ancient world: the Egyptian, Hebrew, Babylonian, Persian, and Phoenician empires during hundreds
of years, the sublime Greek empire emerged into existence with great power and influence that had altered the path of
evolution to a great extent. It had even affected the fate of the human race and their language much more than the five
previous empires had done. The Greeks were the only human ethnic group that had succeeded in combining the two Sacred
sounds v and g in a new language , beside the ancient Hebrew language, for the first time in 6 or 7 thousand years of
ancient history. The v was dropped all those years, now it came back with more power than before. That development lead
to the joining of the three Sacred Sounds in the future. If it were not for the rising of the Hebrew empire and the
Greek empire the sound v would not have been joined in a new language, and lead later to the joining of the three
Sacred Sounds together in almost all future languages. Their combination was the reason behind scientific progress.The
great Greek empire was the first empire that had initiated the emergence of languages with complete linguistic systems
on a global scale. The only human being that had accomplished that sublime Sacred Path of spreading language on global
scale was Alexander The Great. He was a great man of knowledge who believed in THE ONE AND ONLY GOD THE ALMIGHTY. He
was mentioned in the Noble Quran in Al-Kahf Sura as Dhul-Qarnayn or the owner of the two horns, because he had always
worn two noble Heavenly feathers on his head:And they ask you, [O Muhammad], about Dhul-Qarnayn. Say, "I will recite to
you about him a report."83Indeed We established him upon the earth, and We gave him to everything a way.84So he
followed a way. 85Until, when he reached the setting of the sun, he found it [as if] setting in a spring of dark mud,
and he found near it a people. Allah said, "O Dhul-Qarnayn, either you punish [them] or else adopt among them [a way
of] goodness."86He said, "As for one who wrongs, we will punish him. Then he will be returned to his Lord, and He will
punish him with a terrible punishment. 87But as for one who believes and does righteousness, he will have a reward of
Paradise, and we will speak to him from our command with ease."88Then he followed a way.89Until, when he came to the
rising of the sun, he found it rising on a people for whom We had not made against it any shield.90Thus. And We had
encompassed [all] that he had in knowledge.91Then he followed a way.92Until, when he reached [a pass] between two
mountains, he found beside them a people who could hardly understand [his] speech.93They said, "O Dhul-Qarnayn, indeed
Gog and Magog are [great] corrupters in the land. So may we assign for you an expenditure that you might make between
us and them a barrier?"94He said, "That in which my Lord has established me is better [than what you offer], but assist
me with strength; I will make between you and them a dam. 95Bring me sheets of iron" - until, when he had leveled
[them] between the two mountain walls, he said, "Blow [with bellows]," until when he had made it [like] fire, he said,
"Bring me, that I may pour over it molten copper."96So Gog and Magog were unable to pass over it, nor were they able
[to effect] in it any penetration.97[Dhul-Qarnayn] said, "This is a mercy from my Lord; but when the promise of my Lord
comes, He will make it level, and ever is the promise of my Lord true."98 INFINITY had communicated with Greek men of
knowledge in a fashion different than the other four Heavenly languages to teach them the basics of philosophy.The
ancient Sacred Greek Language, named now by the Koine, was a class of its own. It was the language that introduced
deductive reasoning and logic to the human mind. It was the only language that made it possible for humans to
understand and uncover the mysteries of Divine Science, and learn it in a completely different way. It was impossible
to introduce science, logic and deductive reasoning if that language was not created. Human beings would not have been
able to think in a scientific way ever without that Sacred Language.The scientific language had to be flexible enough
to make a Sacred bond between the material world and INFINITY with less tyranny. The four other Heavenly Languages were
intended to allow humans to communicate with INFINITY and only receive Holy Scriptures that regulate the relation
between God and humans as Divine Orders and accept them without ever questioning or asking for reasons behind those
Holy Rules. There is no democracy with INFINITY. There is only Absolute Tyranny. God is the Absolute Tyrant Ruler of
existence with Absolute Knowledge and his Absolute Tyrant Orders are to be adopted and practiced without ever
questioning, or punishment will follow.Prophets were messengers of God who were considered by other humans as the
appointed  successors of  God. Their orders came from God and were not ever to be questioned. Rulers and kings were
either appointed prophets and men of knowledge by God or heir kin of those prophets, and they were to be obeyed without
ever questioning their motives. They were mere dictators. There was no democracy in the ancient kingdoms of God.When
INFINITY had finally succeeded in bringing the human race into the appropriate stage of evolution, after thousands of
years of Intending that Death and Destiny  stalk them without mercy, it was time to introduce a new bondage with
humanity peppered and seasoned with a little tiny winy of democracy, and loosen a tiny ziny bit the shackles of
infinite slavery and tyranny that was  imposed upon them, and had regulated the relation between humans and God.
INFINITY Intended to change that tyrant relation into a kind of a teacher-student relation in order to bring free will
into the human consciousness. The only way to bring about a more flexible scientific language peppered with some
democracy and free will to question the true nature of existence was to drop the two sounds ح-ع that represent the
epitome of tyranny and strictness of Infinity and keep the خ-غ that represent the fatherly and loving side of
Infinity , in order not to cut that relation completely between Infinity  and humanity. Free will allowed human beings
to ponder freely about the nature of the world that surrounded them. They had started to ask themselves questions that
were never asked before, and the first seeds of philosophy began to grow. Deductive reasoning and logic that ensued,
began to shred piece by piece and bit by bit the blinders of ignorance that had shackled them. Scientific Knowledge was
introduced to the human race, and they embarked on the path of knowledge and freedom.  They began to choose their
rulers. The first free and democratic government saw light in the sublime city of Athens.The greatest philosophers ever
that had roamed the surface of earth like Plato and Socrates popped out into existence from the very heart of the
Infinite Circle of Divine Knowledge.The first tender buds of science began to feel their way towards the Eternal Rays
of Divine Knowledge. Humans had started their journey on the Golden Path of Knowledge. Alexander the Great had begun to
conquer the ancient world armed with knowledge and free will, and spread the newly acquired language and its newly born
children philosophy, science, deductive reasoning, and logic. Humans were gifted with free will to question the
scientific nature of existence, in order to discover new ways to fathom and enhance the world around them and make it a
better and safer place to live in. The Divine Intention of INFINITY was finally realized. After the fall of the Greek
empire there came a new empire that had ruled the ancient world with a weak language that had dropped the Sacred Sound
v and the two Heavenly Sounds خ- غ from its linguistic system, and all other existing languages started to follow its
deteriorating steps. Humanity faced again the doomed fate of exterminating all linguistic systems in the world, and
endangered the very existence of humanity itself.
```

- [744](0744.md): (part 3) Creation of the universe by extraterrestrial Intelligence by mostafasalimdia1989, Aug 13, 2016
