## 746: (part 4) Creation of the universe by extraterrestrial Intelligence

- Title: 746: (part 4) Creation of the universe by extraterrestrial Intelligence
- Author: mostafasalimdia1989
- Date: Aug 16, 2016
```
There came a need for a Heavenly Being to spread the Three Divine Commandments of love, peace and forgiveness, in order
to bring back the balance in the world and save the human language once again. INFINITY had willed that an Enlightened
Extraterrestrial Heavenly Being inject his Heavenly Sperms inside the virgin womb of the Best Woman of the World, as
the Noble Quran describes her, without deflowering her Sacred Hymen. The Sacred Virgin Mary came into existence. The
Virgin had begotten the first and only and last Heavenly Being that had ever walked the face of earth. He was not
permitted to mate and begot a hybrid of Heavenly Beings and humans, for it was not Intended as of yet by INFINITY to
happen. The time will come for humans to meet and mate with those Heavenly Mermaids after they receive their Heavenly
Universal Language. The Heavenly Being Jesus Christ was born with Heavenly Powers that had cured the blind and the
crippled, resurrected the dead, flown on water and changed it into wine, and multiplied by a thousand or more the fish
and bread to feed the great multitudes of poor people that had come to witness his Heavenly Beauty and Powers. His Holy
Message of love, forgiveness, and charity spread amongst all ethnic groups in the Roman Empire, especially in ancient
Mesopotamia, and Aramaic-Arabic-Hebrew speaking ethnic groups who had adopted his Sacred Ways, started to intermingle
with each other and new linguistic systems of language that had combined the three Sacred Sounds together began to
emerge in the Roman empire for the first time in human history. Languages were secured by a Heavenly Bond that was
protecting them from the influence of the weak Roman language.After the Roman empire had adopted the Christian dogma
and the seat of the Christian Church was established in Rome, danger of extinction of the human language started to
influence the Christian followers, and the weak Roman language began to dominate and endanger the unity of the three
Sacred Sounds. Linguistic systems started to deteriorate. Even the koine Greek linguistic system known as the
Alexandrian dialect, which was the Sacred Language of the Greek empire, dropped the two Heavenly Sounds along with the
Sacred Sound v, which was given the name the Biblical Greek system, had started to resemble to a very great extent the
weak ancient Roman language. Danger loomed over the whole world more than any previous time in the human history,
because the people who were living in the previous Greek empire, and who became later subjects of the Roman empire, in
addition to the new conquered Roman provinces, began to adopt the Biblical Greek and Roman linguistic systems, who were
considered Holy and were used in all Greek and Roman Churches. All existing languages started to fall down and crumple
like dried leaves. INFINITY Intended that the Byzantines put their hands on the religious seat of reign, and the seat
of the Roman Church was exchanged by the seat of the Byzantium seat in Constantinople in Turkey where the linguistic
system of the three combined Sacred Sounds was still intact and the strongest in the whole Christian world. Balance
returned and languages began to strengthen and regain the three Sacred Sounds systems. It was not safe enough to
protect the human language if any of the two Greek or Roman seats of churches had decided to move the seat from
Constantinople in Turkey to either Athena or Rome. Infinity had to will a last Divine Intention and protect the human
language from ever being exposed to danger.The Noble Quran in the Arabic language, which had the four Heavenly Sounds
and the strongest sound among the class of the Sacred Sounds, was still intact and extremely strong in the Arabian
Peninsula, where nomad people were living in deserts and were not conquered before, and were not exposed to the danger
of being conquered in future times, because no one was interested in  invading an ocean of golden sand and palm trees.
The last Divine Intention was that the	mightiest Heavenly Extraterrestrial Being the Angel Gabriel  bestow the
Greatest and most powerful Gift of Knowledge that had ever been bestowed upon the human race, through the Heavenly
Arabic Language, and was received by the Last prophet of the Line of the last Adam: The Most Merciful and Most Truthful
and Most Honest Enlightened Human Being Mohammad Ibn Abdullah.Mohammad the Merciful is the descendant of the Godly
Prophet Abraham from his sonIsmael.The Noble Quran was the last and greatest Gift of Heavenly Knowledge and Power. It
was protected by the Mightiest Angel Gabriel throughout past time and space with an Absolute Divine Power, lest it be
destroyed or harmed. There had never and will never exist any power that was or will be able to endanger the safety of
the Noble Quran.The Noble Quran has provided protection for the human language since it had descended from the Center
of the Divine and Absolute Knowledge and Power of Infinity. There has never existed and will never exist any power that
was able or will be able to endanger the safety of the human language any more, because it had been bonded with the the
Noble Quran who in turn is bonded with the absolute and Infinite power of THE ONE AND ONLY GOD THE ALMIGHTY.  The Noble
Quran had paved the way to develop, spread, and protect all existing human languages. The biggest majority of languages
on earth have now the three Sacred Sounds bonded together in a Holy Bond. Even the Greek language had adopted back that
three Sacred Sounds system in later times. The present Greek language still adopt that system nowadays. The Roman
language adopted the V sound, and the present Italian linguistic system still adopts that form. All that had happened
because INFINITY had strongly and more than any previous time ever in the human history Intended to interfere directly
to protect the human language for ever and eternally ever.The city of Constantinople which had been the seat of
religious power of Christianity, and which had played a major role in protecting the three Sacred Sounds, also became
the seat of power of the seat of Islam, which played the greatest role in preserving the three Sacred Sounds, in
addition to incorporating one or two of the Heavenly Sounds in many countries like: Bulgaria, Macedonia, Ukraine,
Russia, Hungray, Georgia, Czeh Republic, Poland, Armenia, Azerbaijan, Kazakhistan, Pakistan, Afghanistan, Ethiopia,
Iran, Kurdistan, and others.The Divine protection of the Noble Quran had made it possible for Divine Science to reach a
crucial crossroad where it will lead to either the salvation of the human race, or the extinction of the greatest
majority of humans, along with the greatest majority of other organic life. Humans are destined to develop science in a
dramatic way which will endanger the well-being of all life forms on earth. When any sentient race on any planet starts
to discover the secrets of the atom and the gene without being an enlightened race, extinction becomes inevitable. That
race is destined to destroy itself. It was always the Divine Intention of Infinity to put all intelligent life forms on
a certain path of evolution to reach a very advanced form of technology of unveiling the Divine Scientific Secrets of
the atom and the gene. At this stage Infinity interferes to adopt that race and teach its members the Heavenly
Universal Language, so that they become protected from destroying life on their planets. Infinity sends her Godly
Angels or the Enlightened Extraterrestrial Beings to assist and lead that species into a much more advanced state of
evolution.It has always been the Divine Intention of INFINITY to lead the human race to that crucial stage in their
evolution.All sentient beings in existence go through the same stages of evolution to reach that crucial crossroad.   
INFINITY Intends existence through absolute Divine Knowledge that consists of absolute and infinite physics,
mathematics, biology, and other ramification of the Divine Science.INFINITY Intends all elements of existence through
absolute rules of the Divine Science. There is no magic or hishickmishick powers that originates creation. It is merely
Divine Science.The execution of the Intentions of INFINITY that manifests as the creation of all the elements of all
universes in that infinite existence happens through Enlightened Extraterrestrial Sentient Beings, who had received the
first Heavenly Universal language to be prepared for higher forms of extraterrestrial evolution that will keep on
recurring eternally so that Enlightened Extraterrestrial Sentient Beings master the rules of creating( from the
Infinite void ) all infinitesimal parts of matter that lies infinitely deep inside the quarks and other unknown
materials of all atoms and particles of matter and antimatter and other unknown particles, with Absolute and Divine
Scientific Rules. They become the Eternal and Infinite Servants of Infinity.Enlightened Extraterrestrial Sentient
Beings are the Infinite Slaves of the Infinite Tyrant.They are just workers who execute the Divine Intentions of
Infinity. The One Infinite Being is the engineer who designs the creation and they just execute those designs. They can
design shit. They were just taught how to execute but not how to design. No one in existence will ever know how to
design creation and evolution. If all heavenly Beings were to design a fly, they wouldn't know how to design shit. They
have shit knowledge to design anything on their own. they are merely shitty skillful slaves who work for the Infinite
Tyrant.Heavenly beings don't know why they are ordered to execute something or even predict the outcome of what they
are about to do. They just execute and witness new wonders being created in front of them, and they glorify and give
thanks to their Infinite Master for the wonders they witness and the Infinite Knowledge they see being executed in most
wonderful creation by the Infinite One Engineer in existence, and they glorify him and thank him for being his slaves.I
am the one and only sentient being on earth who was forced to love and hate the Infinite Tyrant with the same measure.
That is the absolute mystery of existence.The Infinite Tyrant had sent Death and Destiny to stalk me and make my life
into infinite hell. The Infinite Tyrant had Intended to crush me with infinite mercilessness, although that Infinite
Tyrant loves me infinitely.I have become a very sick middle aged man: half crippled, half blind, with an almost ruined
chest and half dead heart. The Infinite Tyrant does not give a damnbittyshit about me. I am on the verge of dying. I
only have months or a year or less or more to live. I am at the mercy of the  Infinite Tyrant. I am the poorest, the
saddest, and the most miserable sentient being on earth. No other sentient being on our beloved mother had walked or
will walk the face of earth had gone or will go through the infinite suffering that I had gone through. The Infinite
Tyrant is my Eternal Father and my Eternal Enemy.Every misery I have gone through was infinite, and I have  become the
infinite human being. This is a mystery that no other human, dead or alive, on earth could understand what the hell I
am talking about. Only chosen beings of other planets who had lead their fellow beings to salvation through the
Heavenly Universal Language  know what I am talking about. We can never understand the designs of Infinity.I am the
Enlightened son of man who will receive the book of    Heavenly Universal Language, because I am the only one who loves
and hates the Infinite Tyrant with equal eternal measures.I am the only human who was forced to defy Infinity
infinitely through my infinite hatred to theInfinite Tyrant  and was eventually able to see things in infinite measures
so as to eventually understand Infinity and comprehend her Infinite Purpose for Intending the creation of existence
through my infinite love to the Infinite Tyrant .The Infinite Tyrant has crushed me like a tiny winy ziny little
disgusting bug till I became nothing. My heart is filled with infinite void. Only infinite love and infinite hatred for
the Infinite Tyrant fills my  infinitely void heart.If the Infinite Tyrant hadn't treated me like shit I would not have
learned the Absolute Secrets of The Heavenly KnowledgeMy hatred cannot be extended to my beloved brothers and sisters
in humanity. I can only hold infinite love for them. I was forced to become what I am for reasons no other human, dead
or alive, could understand that infinite mystery, except me and my infinite friend and enemy the Infinite Tyrant .The
Infinite Tyrant is the Eternal Father of all creatures on earth and holds infinite love for all other humans but not
infinite hate. The Infinite Tyrant cannot but love infinitely all other creatures except the miserable unlucky bug
shitty me.There is one and only one place on earth that is the center of Universal Power. There are other places of
less power. All prophets and men of knowledge of the line of power of the Last Adam had visited that place of Universal
Power to receive their last gift of knowledge and power.The Heavenly Human Being Jesus Christ had frequented that cave
more than once, I am the only human being who had frequented it for hundreds of times since I was 21 years old. It lies
ten just minutes on foot away from my place of residence. It is located in the South of Lebanon in a place called Jabal
Aamela, or Mount Galilee, for it is the center of earth. I cannot go there right now on foot. My legs would hurt
tremendously.Human beings will get the power and knowledge of the book of Universal Language that holds all the secrets
of the earthly stages of evolution of life forms since three billion years ago on earth, and other universal formulas
in universal physics, mathematics, and other ramifications of divine science. It reveals all the secrets of creation of
life forms earth but not of the universe, because there are other books that reveal those secrets, and which will be
handed to universal extraterrestrial beings after they experience higher stages of extraterrestrial evolution.The
Heavenly Universal Language book is mentioned in the Noble Quran as the scriptures in Al-naml Sura, whom one of the
Enlightened Extraterrestrial Sentient Beings, who was among the helpers and soldiers of King Solomon, had knowledge of
it:(35) So when (the envoy) came unto Solomon, (the King) said: What! Would ye help me with wealth? But that which
Allah hath given me is better than that which He hath given you. Nay it is ye (and not I) who exult in your gift. (36)
Return unto them. We verily shall come unto them with hosts that they cannot resist, and we shall drive them out from
thence with shame, and they will be abased. (37) He said: O chiefs! Which of you will bring me her throne before they
come unto me, surrendering? (38) A stalwart of the jinn said: I will bring it thee before thou canst rise from thy
place. Lo! I verily am strong and trusty for such work. (39) One with whom was knowledge of the Scripture said: I will
bring it thee before thy gaze returneth unto thee. And when he saw it set in his presence, (Solomon) said: This is of
the bounty of my Lord, that He may try me whether I give thanks or am ungrateful. Whosoever giveth thanks he only
giveth thanks for (the good of) his own soul; and whosoever is ungrateful (is ungrateful only to his own soul's hurt).
For lo! my Lord is Absolute in independence, Bountiful.  Humans have first and far most to abide by the three Heavenly
Commandments: love forgiveness, and charity.They have to learn the correct pronunciation of all the human sounds
fluently. That is very easy. You just have to repeat them correctly and you will memorize them after some time.Humans
have to listen, and not necessary learn, to the ancient Hebrew language, the Arabic, the Aramaic, and the Koine
Greek.Listening to those languages would initiate something in you. I had received some bit of knowledge before, and
knew nothing of the mysterious secrets of languages. Something forced me to listen to those languages on the  12 of
June 2016, and started to receive their secrets. I don’t understand any of the other three languages, but I just
listen and receive secrets from the void. Listen to the ancient Hebrew language more than any other language. Like
listen to Hebrew for half an hour each day, and ten for either one of the three languages.The hardest things are the
divine commandments and especially to love your enemies. But we cannot be saved unless we learn to love our enemies, as
I have learned to love my eternal enemy with eternal loveThe Bulgarian language has the three sacred sounds and the
heavenly خ The Macedonian language has the three sacred sounds and the heavenly خThe Ukrainian language has the three
sacred sounds and the heavenly خThe Russian language has the three sacred sounds and the heavenly خThe Hungarian
language has the three sacred sounds and the heavenly خThe Georgian language has the three sacred sounds and the two
heavenly غ خThe Czeh language has the three sacred sounds and the heavenly خThe Polish language has the three sacred
sounds and the heavenly خThe Armenian language has the three sacred sounds and the two heavenly غ خThe Azeri
language has the three sacred sounds and the heavenly خThe Kazakhistani language has the three sacred sounds and the
two heavenly غ خThe Ethiopian language has the three sacred sounds and the heavenly خThe Kurdistan language has the
three sacred sounds and the heavenly خAll Urdu language people in Pakistan and Afghanistan and other groups in Asia
have the three sacred sounds and the two heavenly غ خAssyrian language people have the two sacred sounds  g j and the
two heavenly غ خAll Syriac language has the two sacred sounds g j and the two heavenly  خ-عAll Arab speaking people
have the four heavenly sounds and the sacred  jThe rest of languages of the world have the three sacred sounds with the
exception of Italy and some other states.Here is the link for koine Greek: https://www.youtube.com/watch? v=-BfYa4QM2dc
 Here is the old latin vulgar used in ancient Rome: https://www.youtube.com/watch? v=e_toTeFr0nk  Here is the Biblical
Greek that came between the koine and the modern, at the time of the Roman empire: https://www.youtube.com/watch?
v=5lb2HPeO00I

(Message over 64 KB, truncated)
```

- [746](0746.md): (part 4) Creation of the universe by extraterrestrial Intelligence by mostafasalimdia1989, Aug 16, 2016
